#  This is manual page in Perl POD format. Read more at
#  http://perldoc.perl.org/perlpod.html or run command:
#
#     perldoc perlpod | less
#
#  To check the syntax:
#
#     podchecker *.pod
#
#  Create manual page with command:
#
#    pod2man PAGE.N.pod > PAGE.N

=pod

=head1 NAME

xlsx2csv - Convert xslx xml files to csv format

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  xlsx2csv [options] INFILE [OUTPUT FILE]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The conversion uses Expat SAX parser for xml processing.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-d DELIMITER, --delimiter=DELIMITER>

Output csv columns delimiter. Use "tab" or "x09" for
tab. Defaults to comma.

=item B<-f DATEFORMAT, --dateformat=DATEFORMAT>

Set date/time format. See strftime(3) for %-format specifiers. An
example "%Y-%m-%d".

=item B<-i, --ignoreempty>

Skip empty lines.

=item B<-p DATEFORMAT, --sheetdelimiter=SHEETDELIMITER>

Sheet delimiter used to separate sheets, pass "" if you don't want
delimiters. DEfaults to "--------".

=item B<-r, --recursive>

Convert recursively.

=item B<-s SHEETID, --sheet=SHEETID>

Sheet to convert (0 for all sheets).

=item B<-h, --help>

Display short help and exit.

=item B<--version>

Display program's version number and exit.

=back

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

None.

=head1 FILES

None.

=head1 SEE ALSO

catdoc(1)

=head1 AUTHORS

Program was written by Dilshod Temirkhodjaev <tdilshod@gmail.com>

This manual page was written by Jari Aalto <jari.aalto@cante.net>. Released
under license GNU GPL version 2 or (at your option) any later
version. For more information about the license, visit
<http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html>.

=cut
